
User Agreement for EGLIB
(C) Alexandre Ern and Vincent Giovangigli

First version of EGLIB released on February 28th, 1996



By acceptance and use of this program, the user agrees to 
the following

*  As experimental, research software, this program is provided 
free of charge on an "as is" basis without warranty of any 
kind, either expressed or implied. In particular, the authors
make no express or implied warranty including, but not limited
to, the warranties of design, merchantability or fitness for
a particular purpose. In no event will the authors be liable
for any lost revenues or profits or other special, direct or
consequential damages, even if the authors have been warned of 
such possibilities.

*  This program is provided for the user's personal, non-commercial,
experimental use and the user is granted permission to copy this
program to the extent reasonably required for such use. In any 
case, the user should not deliver this program without a special 
permission from the authors.

*  The user understands and agrees that this program and any 
derivative works are to be used solely for experimental uses 
and are not to be sold, distributed to a commercial organization, 
or be commercially exploited in any manner.

*  All title, ownership and rights to this program and any copies 
remain with the authors, irrespective of the ownership of the 
media on which the program resides.

*  The user is permitted to create derivative works to this program.
However, all copies of the program and its derivative works must
contain this user agreement.

*  The authors request that the user supply them a copy of any 
changes, enhancements, or derivative works which the user may  
create. The user grants the authors an irrevocable, nonexclusive,
worldwide and royalty-free license to use, execute, reproduce,
display, perform, prepare derivative works based upon, and 
distribute, (internally and externally) copies of any and all
such materials and derivative works thereof.

*  If the user publishes scientific results that were partly
obtained using this program, the user is requested to 
cite at least one of the following references, as the user 
would cite other papers that were used: 

[1] A. Ern and V. Giovangigli, Multicomponent 
Transport Algorithms, lecture notes in physics, 
m 24, new series monographs, Springer-Verlag, Heidelberg, 1994.
	 
[2] A. Ern and V. Giovangigli, Fast and Accurate
Multicomponent Transport Property Evaluation,
J. Comput. Phys., 120, 105--116, (1995).
